Today was very busy.
I was able to have lunch with Takeshi-san, though.
He didn’t look well today.
He seemed fidgety and said that he didn’t have much time.
I wonder if he’s very busy in the research room where he works.
Could it be that he doesn’t like me anymore?
That couldn’t be it, could it?
He said that he can’t go to Harumi’s wedding with me.
I wanted to show him off to Harumi so much.
It’s too bad.
I wonder if he is being cautious with me because I have wishful thinking about marriage.
I’ve heard that that sort of thing can happen.
But I wanted to at least have a relaxed lunch with him.
If he’s busy though, there’s nothing I can do.
You just have to hang in there, Touko.
I don’t want to be thought of as a selfish person, either.
But if Takeshi-san no longer likes me, I don’t think I could continue living.
Well, that’s not completely true.
It’s too bad that I can’t see him for two more weeks.
Proceed carefully, Touko.